fix typo and reformat of cuda override docs (#1636)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: src/user/tipsandtricks.rst

In order to override the default behavior, a user can set the environment variable ``CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA`` like below to install TensorFlow with GPU support even on a machine with CPU only.

.. code-block:: shell

     CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA="11.2" conda install "tensorflow==2.7.0=cuda112*" -c conda-forge
     # OR
     CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA="11.2" mamba install "tensorflow==2.7.0=cuda112*" -c conda-forge

.. note::
   

>   you should select the cudatoolkit version most appropraite for your GPU; currently, we have "10.2", "11.0", "11.1", and "11.2" builds available, where the "11.2" builds are compatible with all cudatoolkits>=11.2. (At the time of writing, there seems to be a bug in how the cuda builds are resolved by mamba, defaulting to cudatoolkit==10.2; thus, it is prudent to be as explicit as possible like above or by adding ``cudatoolkit>=11.2`` or similar to the line above.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You should select the cudatoolkit version most appropriate for your GPU; currently, we have "10.2", "11.0", "11.1", and "11.2" builds available, where the "11.2" builds are compatible with all cudatoolkits>=11.2. At the time of writing (Mar 2022), there seems to be a bug in how the CUDA builds are resolved by ``mamba``, defaulting to ``cudatoolkit==10.2``; thus, it is prudent to be as explicit as possible like above or by adding ``cudatoolkit>=11.2`` or similar to the line above. 
```

In order to override the default behavior, a user can set the environment variable ``CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA`` like below to install TensorFlow with GPU support even on a machine with CPU only.

.. code-block:: shell

     CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA="11.2" conda install "tensorflow==2.7.0=cuda112*" -c conda-forge
     # OR
     CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA="11.2" mamba install "tensorflow==2.7.0=cuda112*" -c conda-forge

.. note::
   
   You should select the cudatoolkit version most appropriate for your GPU; currently, we have "10.2", "11.0", "11.1", and "11.2" builds available, where the "11.2" builds are compatible with all cudatoolkits>=11.2. At the time of writing (Mar 2022), there seems to be a bug in how the CUDA builds are resolved by ``mamba``, defaulting to ``cudatoolkit==10.2``; thus, it is prudent to be as explicit as possible like above or by adding ``cudatoolkit>=11.2`` or similar to the line above. 

> For context, installing the TensorFlow 2.7.0 CUDA-enabled variant, ``tensorflow==2.7.0=cuda*``, results in approximately 2 GB of packages to download while the CPU variant, ``tensorflow=2.7.0=cpu*``, results in approximately 200 MB to download. That is a significant bandwidth and storage wasted if one only needs the ``-cpu`` variant!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For context, installing the TensorFlow 2.7.0 CUDA-enabled variant, ``tensorflow==2.7.0=cuda*``, results in approximately 2 GB of packages to download while the CPU variant, ``tensorflow=2.7.0=cpu*``, results in approximately 200 MB to download. That is a significant bandwidth and storage wasted if one only needs the CPU only variant!
```
